f-card@3.5.0 - Adding `cardHeadingSize` prop. (#1619)
justeat/fozzie-components: packages/components/atoms/f-card/README.md

| `cardHeadingPosition`     | `String`   |  No        | `left`  | Sets the text alignment of the card component's heading.<br><br>When set to `left` the heading will aligned to the left.<br>When set to `center` the heading will be centrally aligned.<br>When set to `right` the heading will be aligned to the right. |
| `cardHeading`             | `String`   |  No        | `''`    | When set, will add a heading to the top of the card component. |
| `cardHeadingTag`          | `String`   |  No        | `'h1'`  | Sets the tag for the card component's heading.<br><br>Allowed values are `h1`, `h2`, `h3`, `h4`, `h5` and `h6` |

> | `cardHeadingSize`         | `String`   |  No        | `''`    | Sets the size for the card component's heading.<br><br>Allowed values are `''`, `alpha`, `beta`, `gamma`, `delta`, `epsilon` and `zeta` |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `cardHeadingSize`         | `String`   |  No        | `''`    | Overrides the default heading size for the card component's heading.<br><br>Allowed values are `''`, `alpha`, `beta`, `gamma`, `delta`, `epsilon` and `zeta` |
```
